Update node-configuration.asciidoc (#7351)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/orchestrating-elastic-stack-applications/elasticsearch/node-configuration.asciidoc

Any setting defined in the `elasticsearch.yml` configuration file can also be defined for a set of Elasticsearch nodes in the `spec.nodeSets[?].config` section.

> Some settings cannot be changed and should not be changed, check <<{p}-reserved-settings>>.

Reviewer: nit: I don't think we reject a manifest in which settings managed by the operator are changed. So, technically speaking, they can be changed.

```suggestion
Some settings are managed by ECK, it is not recommended to change them, refer to <<{p}-reserved-settings>> for more details.
```

Reviewer: I'm also wondering if we should not prefix this with `NOTE:`

> Some settings cannot be changed and should not be changed see https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud-on-k8s/master/k8s-reserved-settings.html

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some settings cannot be changed and should not be changed, check <<{p}-reserved-settings>>.
```
